com/example/aqua/ViewServiceSingle.java
 com.example.aqua.ViewServiceSingle
com/example/aqua/Territory.java
 com.example.aqua.Territory
com/example/aqua/Service.java
 com.example.aqua.Service
com/example/aqua/Cancelride.java
 com.example.aqua.Cancelride
com/example/aqua/ServiceMainDashboard.java
 com.example.aqua.ServiceMainDashboard
 com.example.aqua.ServiceMainDashboard$1
 com.example.aqua.ServiceMainDashboard$1$1
 com.example.aqua.ServiceMainDashboard$2
 com.example.aqua.ServiceMainDashboard$3
 com.example.aqua.ServiceMainDashboard$3$1
 com.example.aqua.ServiceMainDashboard$4
com/example/aqua/wallet.java
 com.example.aqua.wallet
com/example/aqua/delivery.java
 com.example.aqua.delivery
com/example/aqua/dashboard.java
 com.example.aqua.dashboard
 com.example.aqua.dashboard$1
 com.example.aqua.dashboard$2
 com.example.aqua.dashboard$3
 com.example.aqua.dashboard$4
 com.example.aqua.dashboard$5
 com.example.aqua.dashboard$6
com/example/aqua/MainActivity.java
 com.example.aqua.MainActivity
 com.example.aqua.MainActivity$1
 com.example.aqua.MainActivity$2
 com.example.aqua.MainActivity$3
com/example/aqua/verify.java
 com.example.aqua.verify
com/example/aqua/rides.java
 com.example.aqua.rides
 com.example.aqua.rides$1
 com.example.aqua.rides$2
 com.example.aqua.rides$3
com/example/aqua/productsearch.java
 com.example.aqua.productsearch
com/example/aqua/services.java
 com.example.aqua.services
com/example/aqua/SignUp_Activity.java
 com.example.aqua.SignUp_Activity
 com.example.aqua.SignUp_Activity$1
 com.example.aqua.SignUp_Activity$2
 com.example.aqua.SignUp_Activity$3
 com.example.aqua.SignUp_Activity$GetTerrAdapter
com/example/aqua/Setlocation.java
 com.example.aqua.Setlocation
com/example/aqua/cart.java
 com.example.aqua.cart
com/example/aqua/MAP.java
 com.example.aqua.MAP
 com.example.aqua.MAP$1
 com.example.aqua.MAP$2
 com.example.aqua.MAP$3
 com.example.aqua.MAP$4
com/example/aqua/productdetail.java
 com.example.aqua.productdetail
com/example/aqua/produtcard.java
 com.example.aqua.produtcard
com/example/aqua/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.aqua.BuildConfig
com/example/aqua/ServiceAdapter.java
 com.example.aqua.ServiceAdapter
 com.example.aqua.ServiceAdapter$1
com/example/aqua/DropOffLocation_Activity.java
 com.example.aqua.DropOffLocation_Activity
com/example/aqua/confirmlocation.java
 com.example.aqua.confirmlocation
com/example/aqua/cartconfiirm.java
 com.example.aqua.cartconfiirm
com/example/aqua/shops.java
 com.example.aqua.shops
 com.example.aqua.shops$1
 com.example.aqua.shops$2
 com.example.aqua.shops$ShopsAdapter
com/example/aqua/Territories.java
 com.example.aqua.Territories
com/example/aqua/Shopsrecord.java
 com.example.aqua.Shopsrecord
com/example/aqua/ServiceSingle.java
 com.example.aqua.ServiceSingle
com/example/aqua/button.java
 com.example.aqua.button
com/example/aqua/ViewAllServices.java
 com.example.aqua.ViewAllServices
 com.example.aqua.ViewAllServices$1
 com.example.aqua.ViewAllServices$2
 com.example.aqua.ViewAllServices$3
com/example/aqua/NewSpinner.java
 com.example.aqua.NewSpinner
 com.example.aqua.NewSpinner$1
